# Week 6 -Tutor Meeting 
**Info:**
- Time: 30 Aug, 10:00-11:30am
- Location: Ian Ross R221
- Scribe: Andy, Charles 
- Minutes taker: Jinghan Gao
- Describe: Presentation for audit 2, our team and shadow team.

**Attendees:**
- Andy
- Charles
- Clients(our and shadow)
- Team
- Shadow Team

## Agenda Items
| Number     | Item                                                               |
|:----------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Agenda 1   | Our team presentation for audit 2 &  Q&A |
| Agenda 2   | Shaodw team presentation for audit 2 & Q&A     |


## Meeting minutes
#### Agenda-1: Our team presentation for audit 2 &  Q&A
Charles ddressed the current high risk associated with using traditional code to build front-end and back-end. He said sharepoint maybe a good choice. 
The client’s expectations and the need to align with them were highlighted. It's essential to mitigate risks while delivering a valuable product.
Prototype features must be developed and tested to meet the client’s acceptance. However, there is a high risk of failure if the solution doesn’t match the client’s requirements.
This is the biggest concern for our project.

Charles raised concerns about the lack of prioritization. The team needs a clear understanding of which features are most important to the client and should focus on delivering a basic version of the website by the end of the semester. There was also discussion about managing tasks. The team has a task log, and high-priority tasks should be completed first, followed by medium- and low-priority ones.

There was a conversation about the AI component of the project. Our team discussed what constitutes the most basic version of the AI feature, and whether it is clearly documented.
A more structured approach to implementing AI features was suggested by Charles, with the focus being on a minimal viable product (MVP) for the client to evaluate.

It was suggested that the team should ensure better organization and prioritization of tasks. There was a feeling that the team may be taking on too much at once without a clear order of operations. Charles reaffirmed the importance of completing a functional version of the website by the semester's end was reiterated. The client requested clarification on the specific deliverables and timeline for completing the basic version of the website.

Q&A from shadow team
Ask questions about the classification of our completed tasks and their correspondence with SOW.
Our team has been using a task log to track progress, but we need to ensure all tasks are completed by the end of the semester, with a focus on integration.

#### Agenda-2: Shaodw team presentation for audit 2 & Q&A
Document improvement aspect:
The team expressed the importance of feedback and continuous improvements. Feedback loops should be established, and adjustments should be made based on user input.
A reflection on previous audits highlighted areas for improvement, specifically in documentation and transparency between team members.
The team mentioned improving the project’s documentation for internal transparency and making quicker task assignments.
Risk management was also discussed, with the need to ensure each team member knows the risks involved in their tasks and understands how to mitigate them.

System Features and Future Development:
The presentation focused on system features, such as code translation and lesson sections that help users learn programming step by step.
Future development was discussed, including adding more interactive blocks and responsive elements to improve user engagement.
There was also discussion on expanding design features to support multiple devices and adapting to different screen sizes in future versions.

Final Remarks:
The client and stakeholders expressed satisfaction with the team's progress, noting the improvements since the last audit. Very satisfied with the improvement made by this team.



## Action Items
| Task                            | Assigned To        |  Due Date  |
|:--------------------------------|:------------------:|:----------:|
| Meeting minutes                 |  GJH               |   16 Sep   |
| Basic version website           |  All members(except GJH)      |   20 Sep  |

    
## Outcome
- Basic version website

## Other Notes
N/A